[Tizen Studio] 4.5.1 Release Notes (#1574)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/tizen-studio/release-notes/4-5-1-release-notes.md

- Emulator
  - In the Tizen 5.5 version, the emulator images app un-installation might take some time to complete if the app name contains more than 14 characters. A patch for the same is expected to be released in the next update.
  - To use Tizen Emulator, use Intel VTx supported CPU and the latest version of the graphic card driver provided by the vendor. To verify the prerequisites for Tizen Emulator, see [Prerequisites for Tizen Studio](../setup/prerequisites.md).
    - If the host machine is using NVIDIA&reg; Optimus&reg; technology on either Ubuntu or Windows, you must set the Tizen Emulator to run with your NVIDIA&reg; graphics card. For Ubuntu, verify the [bumblebee project](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Bumblebee). For Windows, select **High Speed NVIDIA&reg; Processor** as **Preferred Graphics Processor** in the NVIDIA&reg; control panel.
    - On Ubuntu, if the graphics driver is out-of-date, your Ubuntu desktop session occasionally logs out while launching Emulator Manager, or the emulator skin is displayed improperly. Verify the prerequisites and upgrade to the latest graphics driver.

>   - On Windows, depending on your OS theme (such as Non-Aero themes and Windows XP themes), a display surface can be erased for a while if the emulator window is covered with another window. If you click the emulator window, the display surface runs correctly again.

Reviewer: This still needs to be addressed.

>   - On Windows, depending on your OS theme (such as Non-Aero themes and Windows XP themes), a display surface can be erased for a while if the emulator window is covered with another window. If you click the emulator window, the display surface runs correctly again.

Author: the display surface might not be rendered correctly if the emulator window is obstructed.

>   - On Windows, depending on your OS theme (such as Non-Aero themes and Windows XP themes), display surface rendering might be suspended if the emulator window is covered with another window. If you click the emulator window, the display surface runs correctly again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - On Windows, depending on your OS theme (such as Non-Aero themes and Windows XP themes), display surface rendering might be suspended if the emulator window is covered by another window. If you click the emulator window, the display surface should run correctly again.
```

  - Basic Web applications are not installed on SD cards.
  - To use Tizen Emulator in Tizen platform 3.0 or lower, disable the CPU VT option in the **HW Support** tab of Emulator Configuration.
- CLI and SDB
  - Tizen Studio does not support the [Smart Development Bridge](../common-tools/smart-development-bridge.md) (SDB) bash auto-completion on Windows (it is available on Ubuntu and macOS).
- Dynamic Analyzer
  - When analyzing applications on commercial devices running Tizen 3.0, newly-released or after a firmware update, the following problems exist:
    - The Core Frequency information is not shown.
    - The screenshots on the scene transitions feature will not work.
  - When analyzing applications on the Tizen 4.0 emulator or reference device, the startup profiling information is not shown.
  - The UI Hierarchy viewer feature and startup profiling are not performed simultaneously.
  - The Dynamic Analyzer cannot show lifecycle information for Web applications.
  - Widget applications cannot be profiled with the Dynamic Analyzer. They are hidden in the application list on the toolbar for all Tizen platforms, except Tizen 2.3.2.

>   - The Dynamic Analyzer sometimes gets stuck which is caused by an internal security checking program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The Dynamic Analyzer sometimes gets stuck, this is caused by an internal security checking program.
```

- VSCode
  - Hybrid applications are not supported yet.
- Visual Studio
  - Hybrid applications are not supported yet.

>   - NUI XAML application build error can be resolved by doing clean and then build again.

Reviewer: Meaning is not clear, please consider revising the sentence. 
```suggestion
  - NUI XAML application build error can be resolved by doing clean and then build again.
```

Reviewer: This still needs to be addressed.

Author: This means to do clean build again

>   - NUI XAML application build error can be resolved by doing clean build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - NUI XAML application build error can be resolved by doing a clean build.
```

- VS Mac

>   - NUI XAML application build error can be resolved by doing clean and then build again.

Reviewer: Meaning is not clear, please consider revising the sentence. 
```suggestion
  - NUI XAML application build error can be resolved by doing clean and then build again.
```

Reviewer: This still needs to be addressed.

Author: This means to do clean build again

>   - NUI XAML application build error can be resolved by doing clean build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - NUI XAML application build error can be resolved by doing a clean build.
```
